Authorized services updated docs. (#5421)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/packages/authorized-services.md

![authorized-screen](images/authorized-screen.png)

> If the service is configured to allow the addition of access tokens manually, using the `CanManuallyProvideToken` setting, a new section will be available for providing an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service can be configured to allow the manual entry of access tokens using the `CanManuallyProvideToken` setting. If this is set to `true`, a new section will be available for providing an access token.
```

Author: Updated

![settings-screen](images/settings-screen.png)

> Depending on the authentication method of the service,
> - `OAuth1`
> - `OAuth2` (default)
> - `ApiKey`
> 
> the interface provides two methods for retrieving the value of the access token or the API key:
> - `GetToken`
> - `GetApiKey` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interface provides two methods for retrieving the value of the access token or API key - `GetToken()` and `GetApiKey()`. These will return null if the token or key is not found, or the service is not configured to use the authorization method related to these objects.
```

Author: Updated

## Usage

In the following, you can learn more about how to use the Umbraco Authorized Services package.

### App Creation

> Services that this package is intended to support will offer an OAuth2 default authentication and authorization flow against an "app". The developer will need to create this "app" with the service.  By doing this, information such as the "client ID" and "client secret" can be applied to the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary use case for this package is when working with services that offer an OAuth2 authentication and authorization flow against an "app". The developer will need to create this "app" with the service.  By doing this, information such as the "client ID" and "client secret" can be applied to the configuration.
```

Reviewer: We should also add here a section I've added to the readme:

```
When creating the app it will usually be necessary to configure a call back URL. You should use the following:

- For OAuth2: `/api/AuthorizedServiceResponse/HandleOAuth2IdentityResponse`
- For OAuth1: `/api/AuthorizedServiceResponse/HandleOAuth1IdentityResponse`
```

Author: Updated

> In addition, the package supports integration with OAuth1 or Api key based authentication and authorization services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the package supports API key based authorization flows.
```

Let's add `OAuth1` or other options as and when we get to them.

![settings-screen](images/settings-screen.png)

Depending on the authentication method of the service,
- `OAuth1`
- `OAuth2AuthorizationCode` (default)
- `OAuth2ClientCredentials`
- `ApiKey`

the interface provides two methods for retrieving the value of the access token or the API key:
- `GetToken`
- `GetApiKey` 

## Usage

In the following, you can learn more about how to use the Umbraco Authorized Services package.

### App Creation

Services that this package is intended to support will offer an OAuth2/OAuth1 default authentication and authorization flow against an "app". The developer will need to create this "app" with the service.  By doing this, information such as the "client ID" (or "consumer key" for OAuth1) and "client secret" (or "consumer secret" for OAuth1) can be applied to the configuration.

> In addition, the package supports integration with OAuth1 or Api key based authentication and authorization services.

Author: Updated

        {
          "<serviceAlias>": {
            "DisplayName": "",

>             "AuthenticationMethod": "",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "AuthenticationMethod": "OAuth2|ApiKey",
```

Author: Updated

|---------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------|
| DisplayName                                                   | Provides a friendly name for the service used for identification in the user interface.                                                                                                                                                                      | Yes       |                                            |
| CanManuallyProvideToken                                                   | Toggles an UI section in the backoffice for manually providing an access token.                                                                                                                                                                     | No       |                                            |

> | AuthenticationMethod                                                   | An enum value that controls the type of authentication. `OAuth2` is the default value; other available options are `OAuth1` and `ApiKey`.                                                                                                                                                               | No       |                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AuthenticationMethod                                                   | An enum value that controls the type of authentication. `OAuth2` is the default value. Other available options are: `ApiKey`.                                                                                                                                                               | No       |                                            |
```

If you need to work with the raw JSON response, there are equivalent methods for both of these that omit the deserialization step:

```csharp
Task<Attempt<string?>> SendRequestRawAsync(string serviceAlias, string path, HttpMethod httpMethod);

Task<<Attempt<string?>> SendRequestRawAsync<TRequest>(string serviceAlias, string path, HttpMethod httpMethod, TRequest? requestContent = null)
    where TRequest : class;
```

Finally, there are convenience extension methods available for each of the common HTTP verbs. These allow you to simplify the requests and omit the `HttpMethod` parameter, e.g.

```csharp
Task<Attempt<TResponse?>> GetRequestAsync<TResponse>(string serviceAlias, string path);
```

> Depending on the configured authentication method, there are various methods that can be used to retrieve the access token or the API key:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the configured authentication method, there are some methods that can be used to retrieve the access token or the API key:
```
